# Working Directory Notes

  This sub-directory contains raw data, R data processing scripts, and other scripts/data files used during IVTKS (in vitro high-throughput toxicokinetic assay) data processing. This document is meant to document important notes or comments useful for provenance regarding the files in this directory, e.g. organization, file renaming, etc. 

## Notes

  * 07/21/2025:
      * Remove unprocessed files not currently needed.

  * 07/17/2025:
      * Wambaugh 2019 et al. files were organized and datasets were reprocessed between 06/08 and 07/17.
          * Files from re-processing in the GitHub repo include the following:
              - data:
                * L4_chem_split: ignored bayes files from L4 processing scripts
                * TSV, RData, and other supplemental files generated from L1-L3 processing scripts
                * RData files containing combined L4 results generated from individuals L4 chem split processing runs
                  (does not include 'coda' output)
                  
              - rscripts:
                * Format scripts from original 2019 processing
                * Quality control (QC) evaluation scripts for L1, L2, and L4 data levels
                * Scripts for L1-L3 data processing scripts, L2 data chem split R script,
                  generic L4 data processing script, and the R script combining L4 results
              
              - rscripts/Rout:
                * All R out scripts from running processing scripts, including L4 processing
                  scripts for all subsets in the chem split object.
                * QC R out scripts for L1 and L4.
                * Rplots PDF generated by Clint processing script.
                
          * Note: We do not track the interim files for L4 processing nor the individual chem split L4 output files.
          * Note: The original R output files are saved in a "Rout_MMDDYYYY" sub-directory (not tracked). Once
            results are finalized the sub-directory gets the suffix "final", then a copy of the R out files
            is saved in the general Rout directory without the date suffix and is tracked.
          
      * Updates to the "data for package" R script to include the updated Wambaugh2019 datasets and some minor rearrangements in the code for the other datasets, no changes to the Crizer2024, Smeltz2023, and Kreutz2023 datasets.
      * Updates to the README for the overall repo and NOTES for the working directory (i.e., specific project data pipelining/processing documents).
      * Updates to the "data for package" R script to Crizer2024 to resolve the non-ASCII character issue in Level0.Sheet column in crizer2024.clint (level-2) and update individual Crizer2024 object.

  * 06/05/2025:
    * Move the Crizer Clint vignette to the Crizer manuscript sub-directory and remove the other files/sub-directory 'tmp_final_RData_move' since the RData files are duplicates of those already in the respective manuscript sub-directories.

  * 06/03/2025:
    * Removed free-floating files in temporary directories since they are not relevant/no longer necessary for the general repo.
    * Moved R markdowns, HTML's, and data files that were in the invitroTKstats vignette directory as supplementary files into manuscript relevant sub-directories.
    * Updated the git ignore file to allow necessary files to remain available in Git tracking and ignore others no longer needed and/or not necessary to track.

  * 05/22/2025:
    * Create a draft script, temporary directory, and output 're-processing' the data for Wambaugh2019 with the updated version of the package.
    * Update the "data for package" R script.
    
  * 05/21/2025:
    * Organize files to clarify what needs to stay and what can be cleaned-up from the repo.

  * 05/19/2025:
    * Created a NOTES markdown file in the working directory to help track major updates across time with the organization, inclusion of new data, new projects, data processing, etc.
    
    * Move files that were in final_RData to a temporary directory and into the working directory.
    * Rename the R script for compiling data to go into the invitroTKdata R package, and update it to provide more code commentary along with more generalized code for other analysts/users to reproduce/update what is currently here.

  * 05/15/2025:
    * Deleted files no longer necessary for this repo (part of the splitting process), including:
      * tarball files for invitroTKstats R package
      * invitroTKstats R package sub-directories/R project
      * draft preliminary HTTK data SOP
    * Moved the free-floating kreutz2020, smeltz2020, and Crizer Clint 2024 data (in the parent directory level) to a "final_RData" directory (created with the intention of putting all the final data here - staging for the invitroTKdata R data package)
    * Updated the gitignore file and README doc

  * 05/14/2025: Pulled updates post-PR merge to include the Crizer et al. (2024) new data and data processing files - PR was done in BitBucket.
    